---
date: 2026-07-05
ocr_backend: macos
---

<!-- source: 19f60ad0 page 6 sha 80cb8e7cc63798bb -->

5. July - day 2
- Almost forgot, about journaling
- Today, sould oot watce, up and go fo run in the
park rended up. running on treadmil like 14 km.
Went to thee market + Midori.
: sushi aftermands
quite exhausted but fun day
- Postad Maguro fox and got 22, now raiming aroond so
wadd be great spending !'Ball, "'kaew)
= AI. pant is geffing, too much. I, need to focus, and use
othea sto
then a a them perfect, ma, in radar
will have to do the summarize think about retro
in each wack, with claude? → have to fand "
way to track history.on this

## Concerns

four need, to clean up Gob, bill -see how the
cash flow is o Withdraw, on. Crypto?
→ shead we do anfo trading? → 1000p.
= weisht fruining schedaling is hand wend to do it
earliest. dep.
in the treek. Mon/Tre. and fri?

## Good things

- I cooked a lot on sat. and enjoyed it
- Maybe I should do thi more hert, filer
differeat ingredients (rect/protein to)

<!-- source: 19f60ad0 page 7 sha 293f38795b1e0c78 -->

6. Joy.- days
= Almost forgot Cagain!!)
Start working on Magure upp (need meta API)
= Perf coach memory optimization - didn't try yef
- refactor commander - need to revise usaye
crux ful loop. is fime will need to revise hou
viral rader need APS. (tavily.
"ed t is and really tracking Prop fo totest.
on the nextstep ~ mayhe the BB should be in
(ocal)
= Juying to get ticket but came Suy separate one
consecure for sparated, flights here)

## Concerns

Annon payment here need to withdraw crypto
-. training need revise (Mondry, had to be. a vetey)

## Good things

- Pke's getting excited. about, FUk trip
